java c
University of   Bristol   MSc   in   Data Science;   DSMP   (Data Science   Mini   Project;   EMATM0050),   January   2025.
Problem   B:   Leading-edge data analytics for   Level-2 financial-market data
Problem   owner: DrAsh   Booth,   Global   Lead   in   Applied   AI/ML, JP   Morgan, London.
The global financial   markets are obvious sources   of   "big   data".   If we   look   at   the   market   for   only one tradeable asset, such as   shares   in   Amazon.com,   there   are   so   many   people   buying and selling the asset that the share   price   can   potentially   move   up   or   down   (although typically each   move   is only   by a small   amount)   several   times   per   second   for   all   the time   that      the   market   is open, and   hence   in one trading-day there   could   be   20,000 or   more   time-points   for   movements   in the   price of an asset. This would   be   quite   a   lot   to   process   if the   data   of   interest   at each time-point was only a   single value,   only the   share-price   in   dollars   and   cents,   but very often we are   interested   in   much   more data than just the   share-price   for   an   asset. Traders   in financial   markets commonly work with data that   summarises   all   bids   (orders   to   buy) and   asks   (orders to sell) currently   resting at the   exchange:   any   trader   looking   to   buy   can   post   a   "bid   limit   order" at the   exchange, saying what   price they are   prepared   to   pay   per   share, and   how   many shares they wish to   buy; similarly   any   seller   can   post   an   "ask   limit order" showing   how   many shares they want to sell,   and the   per-share   price   they   are seeking.   Different   buyers will   have different   price and quantity   needs, as   will   different sellers, and so at anyone time   the   stock-exchange   summarises   all   of the   currently-received   orders   by   publishing   its   "Limit   Order   Book"   (LOB), sometimes also called the   ladder, which   shows the total quantity of   units of the   asset   available to   buy   or to   sell   at   each   price   which   has   been quoted. The   LOB at anyone time will typically   involve   tens   of   different   (price,   quantity)   pairs - and the   LOB   may change several times   before   any transaction takes   place   that   results   in achange   in the share-price, so there   might   plausibly   be   100,000   data-points   in a one-daytime-series for the   LOB for a   highly-traded asset   such   as   Amazon   stock,   and   each   of those data-points would   be a snapshot   of the   LOB   as   it   is   updated,   so   each   of   the   100,000 data-points will   itself   be a structure   involving   perhaps   50   numeric values   or   more, so   in approximate figures we can   plausibly expect   data-files   of   5million values   from   anyone   such stock,   in anyone day.   Industry   practitioners   refer to this whole-LOB   data   as   "Level2   dat代 写EMATM0050 Data Science Mini ProjectSQL
代做程序编程语言a". There are good   reasons to   believe that executing appropriately   advanced   data-analytics on   Level2 time-series data could   identify opportunities   for   usefully   predicting   near-   term   movements   in   price, and   hence for   profitable automated trading from those   signals.
The   problem,   put simply,   is for you to   implement and evaluate   data-analytics techniques   that   could   be   useful   in   identifying trading signals   ("buy" or   "sell")   in   Level2 data. You will   be   issued with   Level2 data-sets for this   project, although the   identity   of the   asset   will   have   been deleted. Some data will   be   made available   as   soon   as   the   project   commences,   for   you   to start work on, and then   additional   data   maybe   released   at   later   stages   in the   project:   that   data   may   not   be for the same asset, or the same   market-period,   as   the   initial   data-set,   and so   it   is   likely   not to   be statistically   identical to the   initial data-set,   so   you   should   plan accordingly.
My team   has an ongoing   research   interest   in exploring   how well   various   reinforcement   learning approaches   perform. at finding good trading strategies   when   working   with   Level2   time-series data.   For example, we   have an   interest   in the A3C   approach,   although   we   recognise that there   is   probably   not   enough   time   in your   mini-project to   research, design,   implement, and   evaluate a full A3C system.   Nevertheless   reinforcement   learning   is   a   long-established field with a very   large academic   literature, and there   maybe   simpler   methods, or freely-available source code-libraries, that you can   use   to   make   good   progress   in   the   time   available. You   might want to   start   by   implementing an elementary time-series analysis approach   such   as   ARIMA1,which   is relatively simple and very   well   known, and   which   could   serve   as   a   useful   baseline   for comparing against,   but our   interests   lie   beyond such a   commonly-used   approach;   and   so   should yours.
Remember that we do   not just want to see a   system   that   does   time-series   predictions,   we want to see what   profit your system   might generate   from   actually   trading   on   the   basis   of   its   signals: you'll   need to   reserve some of   the   Level2 data   as   a test-set,   and   to   write   (or   find)   a simple   trading   simulatorsowe   can   see   how   well   an   automated   trading   system   would   do when   using the signals that your analysis   identifies.One final thing: the   raw datasets that you will   be supplied   with   may   need   some   initial   wrangling   (cleaning, extraction,   processing etc)   before you can   use them,   and you   will   probably find that some   initial   exploratory visualization and data-mining   is   useful   too.
   

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
